PENDING TASKS :-

1. Implementation of department based search, issue , survey and demand so that a user of a department sees only his department spares.
Department names are :- Executive, Logistics, Engineering, Electrical , NBCD.  Provision for increasing department must be there in micellaneous page also.

2. Home page to be made completely operational with working graphs and thumbnail data as discussed.
thumbanails sequence is : recieved , demanded , surveyed , items below 50% in inventory,
graphs details :- issue , survey , demand , recieved

3. All  Datetime picker used in application must not allow dates to picked after todays date and also relation must be there with issue date.
Hisotry page also must not allow to select a date before date of first issue made using this application


4. Wen we bypass a survey for a spare not in D787 a default entry must be there in remarks column shown in demandlist as survey bypassed and surveynumber as 'NA'
Also default entry must be there for all consumable spares in surveyno and remarks column of demandlist page as 'NA'.

5. When software is closed it must logout automatically and login page should come everytime. Presently, first home page comes and then it logs out.

6.  Edit profile page and Lock Screen page must be made operational/working.

7.  Superuser must be created by default using installer and also profile details of superuser must be taken by installer which are presently done using excel to db,

8. A separate excel to db file which which just perform importing function as per department selected using UI so that data gets appended.
Redundant data must be ignored and rest can be appended in db.

9. How to deactivate a existing user with login credentials must be added separtely as manage users in navbar for superusers to edit users in their
department.

10. While issueing the list must show rank firstname and last name of all registered users eligible for issuing spares.

11. Provision for deactivating a user must be there with superuser. Also while creation of a login user after creating its profile , when department
is selected the username selectbox must filter the personal numbers corresponding to selected department dynamically.

12. Provision of deleting entries created by micellaneous.html in database must be given somewhere so that if a entry is created by mistake by 
storekeeper it can be deleted at a later date by superuser if required.

13.  Permissions for superuser, storekeeper and normal user must be managed by changes in models so that nomal user can only search , 
storekeeper can edit only spare location and compartment name. Sueruser to have all rights.

14. On return page the issue list must have status of the issued spare, whether it is surveyed or demaned or pending for receipt onboard

15. On return page , issue list must be order by issuing user name. 
Similarly on due for demand page group by survey number, and due for receive group by demand number in case 
we have separate remarks for the same survey or demand number.

16.  username and password textbox should not store history while typing username. No cache must be done by mozilla browser

17.  Login page : username and password not correct error not coming. If username and password is incorrect it must not empty the textbox after error.
